# Ruben Boero

1) Alice and Bob should decide on a secret key k using the Diffie-Helman key exchange (DH).
Alice should use AES to send her message to Bob. Bob can then decrypt and read Alice's message.
    Alice encrypts and sends: AES(k, M)
    Bob decrypts and reads: AES_D(k, C)

2) Alice and Bob should decide on a secret key k using DH. Alice should then come up with 
some message authentication code (MAC) A using k and the contents of her message to create a 
cryptographic hash (A = MAC(k, M)). Alice should then concatenate her A to the end of her 
message and send it to Bob using AES (AES(k, M||A)). Once, Bob recieves the message, he can 
make sure that Mal has not tampered with the message by computing A' using k and the message
he received (A' = MAC(k, M)). If A = A', then Bob can be relatively sure that the message has
not been tampered with by Mal.

3) Alice and Bob should decide on a private key k using DH. Then, Alice should create a digital 
signature* and concatenate her signature onto the end of her message to Bob. Alice should then 
use AES to send her message to Bob (AES(k, M||sig)). When Bob recieves the message (AES_D(k, C)), 
he can use Alice's public key and her signature to compute the the digest D' (D' = H(M)). If 
E(P_A, sig) = D' then it's relatively safe for Bob to assume that Alice is the one who sent the 
message.

* To create a digital signature Alice should:
    Compute the digest: D = H(M)
    Compute her signature: sig = E(S_A, D)

4)
* Alice could say that Bob used the wrong public key. (Bob did not in fact have Alice's public
    key.)  This is not likely because if the wrong public key was used then the D' that Bob 
    computes would probably not match D that Alice sent. 

* Alice could say that Bob used the wrong hash function to verify that the message is from 
    Alice. This is not likely because I would assume that they had decided on which hash 
    function to use prior to sending the message.

* Alice could say that there was an AITM attack. This is the most likely of the
    three options I give. If there was an AITM attack, then it's possible that Mal was able 
    to interrupt DH allowing Mal to decrypt/encrypt the message. Mal could then change the
    contract and send the message to Bob (without changing Alice's signature). If Bob doesn't
    check that the signature matches the message, then he would not be aware that Mal changed 
    the message.

5) Sig_CA = E(S_CA, H(data))

6) No, this is not enough. Alice and Bob should complete DH. Alice can then issue Bob a 
challenge. To do this she could send Bob a random number R. Bob should then send back 
E(S_B, R||g^b mod p). If Alice actually sees R||g^b mod p at the end of Bob's message, 
then she can be relatively certain that she is talking to Bob. There may be a Mal in the 
middle, but all she could do is forward information between Alice and Bob. If Mal ever changed
the message, she would not be able to encrypt it again because she doesn't know S_B, so Alice 
would be able to tell that the message was changed.

7) 
* Mal could fish Alice. That is, she could get Alice to click on a link that looks like it is 
bob.com but actually isn't. From there, Mal would have all the information needed to impersonate
Bob assuming that Mal's fake version of bob.com has a valid certificate.

* Mal could bribe CA and get them to associate her domain with the same public key as bob.com.
If Alice doesn't issue a challenge to Bob, then it would appear as if Mal's site is actually
the same as bob.com.

* Perhaps a more plausible scenario than the one above would be that the certificate has expired. 
Alice is no longer sure that the site actually belongs to Bob. Mal could now be in control of the site,
but if Alice is not being careful she could access the site anyway, believing that it still belongs to Bob.
